docs(global-header): add initial tech docs (#413)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugins: workspaces/global-header/docs/index.md

# Global header

Red Hat Developer Hub includes a new configable and highly extendable global header plugin starting with RHDH 1.5.

> By default it includes a Search input field, a Create, Support [^1] and Notification[^2] buttons and a user profile dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default it includes a Search input field, Create, Support [^1] and Notifications[^2] icon buttons and a user profile dropdown.
```
